Hey, why did you burn that piece?
The broken pocket watch is back.
Can't you just buy another piece?
It was the first thing I stole when I was a kid
His original owner was the old gang leader of the Red Gang
I was rewarded for him.
As a result, he accidentally invaded the Red Gang
The old gang leader gave him to me as a warning
And I kept him close by.
That's him
I'll see who dares to touch my family
Oh, dear.
Master, my stomach hurts so much, Linger, are you alright?
If the child has three long and two short, I can't finish with you
Dad
How about this one?
It's this woman's test sheet
She wasn't actually pregnant at all
To you
What are you doing?